In Android, the `android:launchMode` attribute in the `<activity>` element of the AndroidManifest.xml file specifies how the activity should be launched, particularly how it should be associated with a task (a stack of activities). There are four modes available:

1. `standard` (default): Every time a new instance of the activity is launched, it creates a new instance in the task. Multiple instances can be launched and can belong to different tasks or the same task.

2. `singleTop`: If an instance of the activity is already at the top of the stack in the current task, the system routes the intent to that instance through a call to its `onNewIntent()` method, rather than creating a new instance of the activity. If it is not at the top, a new instance is created.

3. `singleTask`: The system creates a new task and instantiates the activity at the root of that task. However, if an instance of the activity already exists in a separate task, the system routes the intent to the existing instance through a call to its `onNewIntent()` method, instead of creating a new instance. There can only be one instance of the activity in the system.

4. `singleInstance`: Similar to `singleTask`, except that the system doesn't launch any other activities into the task holding the instance. The activity is always the single and only member of its task.

The reason these modes exist is to manage the user experience with activity instances and tasks. Depending on the nature of the activity, you might want it to have multiple instances (e.g., a web browser with multiple windows), or you might want to ensure that only one instance exists to maintain state or to handle incoming intents in a specific way (e.g., a home screen or a task list).

In the code you've provided, the `android:launchMode="singleTop"` means that the `MainActivity` will not create a new instance if it is already at the top of the stack in its task. Instead, it will receive the intent in `onNewIntent()`, which is useful for activities that can handle multiple intents but don't need to be instantiated multiple times.

-----------------

2023-12-03 11:00:36 | /private/var/user/src/test_popup_android/android/app/src/main/AndroidManifest.xml

#### Request:
Explain what are the modes available and why are they?

#### Selected code:
```android:launchMode="singleTop"```